hi again so I promised a video after my
last one the whole spiel of what i'm
trying to do with my skating I promised
to show you a video of kind of worm
starting right now so we can keep track
together my progress as the months and
eventually years go by please be gentle
please be kind I am just getting back
I've only been on the edge for both two
or three months since i got off five
four or five years ago so I'm retraining
absolutely everything absolutely
everything I'm retraining and it's
sometimes a little funny how i fall and
why i fall and the way my arms go and
you know it's you'll see for yourself
but I just just got a brand-new pair of
skates so the first few clips they're
just me jumping the first day i'm
jumping in these skates they're brand
new there are the new right LLS 2010's
and they're amazing absolutely amazing I
didn't even have to break them in
they're a little tight still cuz I have
to break them in just a bit but I was
jumping like you know kind of like
normal at least and they are so much a
lighter than my old skates I had a pair
of my dell skates before and they were
just heavy there were normal skates were
just heavier but what I got these new
skates fitted we realized that once I
had before were a size too big yeah my
skates were a size too big so I went
from a five and these new ones I'm
wearing our size four yeah it's big
difference and because the skates are
smaller now my plate size is shorter so
my blades are half an inch or quarter of
an inch between quarter or half an inch
i ever don't remember shorter so you
know that nice rocker you find on there
to do you know whether it's a swing roll
or a spin it's just kind of out of whack
and it's going to take a little have to
get used to it especially on you know
three turns and things like that but I'm
not worried I'll get used to it and so
the first clips are those jumps the toe
jumps it did include because we didn't
do any that first day this video was
taken last weekend I just
my toes the toes are just too tight
still and baby you're going to the ice
doesn't feel good so we just did a
couple of edge jumps themselves and some
loops and after that my program that
Laura and I put together it's the
shortened one because in the first video
is saying because of the concussion i
have i can't spin a you know it's
difficult and because i'm not fit I
can't just blame the compassion it's a
lot of me I have to take responsibility
I'm just not fit yet did not fit enough
to go through a four-minute program so
we shortened it down to two minutes and
I just kind of cut it up there was one
from practice run for the ice show I did
and then just like a regular practice
day i cutted the program up and try to
notice the difference between my skating
I guess from the clips where I'm doing
jumps for have my new skates on and the
clips where I'm doing the programs
because I have my old skates on in
during the clips or I'm doing the
program so enjoy and things only get
better they can only go up from here
right
ok
that's better
so what do you think mm-hmm a little
rough yeah little rough migrate with you
there a little rough still finding you
know where I need to be finding my knees
a lot of the time because sometimes when
I think too much I think a lot of
skaters do this as well their shoulders
go up and they get really tight up in
here and it should just be like really
loose and really you know flowing and
pretty and I'm getting there you know
I'm getting there and also listening to
my music more I'm very I'm a very
lyrical person naturally I I love dance
I love to do you know contemporary
dancing a miracle dancing and I connect
with music there but in this program
even though I love my music I was
thinking I'm thinking so much all the
time about the footwork and about the
jumps I'm losing that connection and in
spring school it's starting next week my
coach now I definitely want to be
working on reconnecting with music and
you know putting everything together now
the package that we're working on so I
have what it takes I think and I i I'm
going to keep reaffirming that so please
don't think I'm cocky or arrogant I'm
not I just speaking good words speaking
good words to myself and things can just
get better and they're going to get
better so uh next video not sure when
we'll be up but it'll be up soon enough
and you know just more progress on where
I'm going and how things are coming
along so until next time god bless you
be safe and smile at people because you
just might make the day